eventlet>=0.15.0                         # Required by detox
py>=1.4.27                               # Required by detox
tox<3.7,>=3.5                            # Required by detox
detox==0.19
fancycompleter>=0.8                      # Required by pdbpp
pygments==2.3.1                          # Required by pdbpp
wmctrl==0.3                              # Required by pdbpp
pdbpp==0.9.3
Jinja2>=2.3                              # Required by Sphinx
Pygments>=2.0                            # Required by Sphinx
alabaster>=0.7,<0.8                      # Required by Sphinx
babel!=2.0,>=1.3                         # Required by Sphinx
docutils>=0.11                           # Required by Sphinx
imagesize==1.1.0                         # Required by Sphinx
packaging==18.0                          # Required by Sphinx
requests>=2.0.0                          # Required by Sphinx
setuptools==40.6.3                       # Required by Sphinx
six>=1.5                                 # Required by Sphinx
snowballstemmer>=1.1                     # Required by Sphinx
sphinxcontrib-websupport==1.1.0          # Required by Sphinx
Sphinx==1.8.3
sphinx==1.8.3                            # Required by sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==0.4.2
pkginfo>=1.4.2                           # Required by twine
readme-renderer>=21.0                    # Required by twine
requests!=2.15,>=2.5.0,!=2.16            # Required by twine
requests-toolbelt>=0.8.0                 # Required by twine
setuptools>=0.7.0                        # Required by twine
tqdm>=4.14                               # Required by twine
twine==1.12.1
wheel==0.32.3
